here's what's going on at the movies I
want to build a team of some very bad
people who I think can do some good
don't miss action-packed superhero fun
in two aside squad starring Will Smith
Jared Leto and Margot Robbie now playing
in IMAX that's a good idea Mike sue me
can I just pick out a cat and I'll be on
my way how do I get out of this nine
live stars Kevin Spacey as a businessman
trapped in the body of a cat until he
can learn to be a better person show
them I'm humans just drown me I know I
am Matt Damon is back in the action
thriller Jason Bourne which finds the
former assassin searching for the truth
about his contribution
and finally let's find out what's hot in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fantasy patience
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
you